[IMP] helpdesk: getting started doc updates (#7486)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/services/helpdesk/overview/getting_started.rst

Getting started with Helpdesk
=============================

Odoo *Helpdesk* is a ticketing-based customer support application. Multiple teams can be configured
and managed in one dashboard, each with their own pipeline for customer submitted tickets. Pipelines
are organized in customizable stages that enable teams to track, prioritize, and solve customer
issues quickly and efficiently.

Create a Helpdesk team
======================

To view or modify *Helpdesk* teams, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Configuration -->
Helpdesk Teams`. To create a new team, click on the :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left of the
dashboard.

.. image:: getting_started/helpdesk-teams-list.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the Helpdesk teams page in Odoo Helpdesk.

Enter a :guilabel:`Name` for the new team. Enter a description of the team to the field below the
team name, if desired.

.. important::
   This description is published on the public facing :doc:`website form <receiving_tickets>` where
   customers and portal users submit tickets. The description included in this field should **not**

>    include any information that is for internal use only.

Reviewer: You might want add that the description appears in the 'About Our Team' box on the right, on the web. I  looked at the image and was not 100% sure if that is where the description is- but if so, you might want to add that to make it crystal clear. Or you can also add a red box around where the description is to connect the dots for the reader. Or both!

Author: I don't necessarily want to overly define the box/location on the webpage since it is editable and customizable, so it can change. (As in, I don't want to say "it appears as an 'about the team' box" since they can make it say whatever they want). Since there really isn't anything else in the screenshot that could be referring to the team description, I don't think it needs a lot of additional clarification.

Reviewer: I forgot they can change how it looks! I assumed that was how it was, full stop. I agree with your reasoning then- thanks for clearing that up!

   .. image:: getting_started/team-description-webform.png
      :align: center
      :alt: View of a Helpdesk team's webform displaying the team description.

Visibility & Assignment
-----------------------

> *Visibility* refers to what internal users and portal users will have access to this team and its
> tickets. *Assignment* refers to how users will be assigned to handle each ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Visibility* refers to what internal users and portal users will have access to, for this team and its
tickets. *Assignment* refers to how users will be assigned to handle each ticket.
```

Determine to whom the team will be visible
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Under the :guilabel:`Visibility` section, determine who can view this team and its tickets.

> - :guilabel:`Invited internal users (private)` have access to the team and tickets they are
>   following. This can be modified on each individual ticket.
> - :guilabel:`All internal users (company)` have access to the team and all of its tickets without
>   being a follower.
> - :guilabel:`Invited portal users and all internal users (public)` have access to the team without
>   being a follower. Portal users will only be able to access tickets that they are following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Invited internal users (private)`: only the specific individuals on the team and followers of a specific ticket have access. This can be modified on each individual ticket. No portal users have access to tickets or the team.
- :guilabel:`All internal users (company)`: all users in the company have access to the team and all of its tickets without needing to be a follower on any tickets.
- :guilabel:`Invited portal users and all internal users (public)`: portal users following specific tickets only have access to those specific tickets.  In addition, all users in the company have access to the team and all of its tickets without needing to be a follower.
```

I would add some more information to clarify these selections. Since they are read as sentences, for the last one, I would lead with the invited portal users since the selection  starts with that, to make it less confusing.  No need to take my edits, just an example. (And you can disregard if you disagree, of course).

.. example::
   A `Customer Support` team intended to handle general issues with shipping and product issues
   would have the visibility setting :guilabel:`Invited portal users and all internal users`.
   However, a `Financial Services` team handling tickets related to accounting or tax information
   would only need to be visible to :guilabel:`Invited internal users`.

.. important::

>    A team's visibility can be altered after the initial configured. However, if the team changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A team's visibility can be altered after the initial configuration. However, if the team changes
```

   from public access to either private or company only access, portal users will be removed as
   followers from both the team, and from individual tickets.

Follow all team's tickets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If a user should be notified about any updates regarding tickets for this team, select their name
from the :guilabel:`Followers` drop-down. Multiple users can be selected to follow a single team.

.. important::
   External contacts can be selected in the :guilabel:`Followers` field. If the team's visibility is
   set to :guilabel:`Invited internal users (private)`, followers will be notified about updates to

>    the team's tickets, but will not be able to view them in the portal.

Reviewer: Is a follower not considered invited?  Why would they get a notification but not see the ticket? Just seems odd.

Author: These are two different issues. As per the product owner, if the team's visibility is set to private, outside contacts can still be added as Followers, meaning they will still be notified about updates to tickets. However, because the visibility trumps the follower field, they will not have access. It is not likely to be a common occurrence; however, since the system allows for it, I wanted to make note of the possibility.

Automatically assign new tickets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> When tickets are received, they need to be assigned to a member of the team. This can be done
> manually on each ticket individually, or through :guilabel:`Automatic Assignment`. Check the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When tickets are received, they need to be assigned to a member of the team. This is done either
manually on each ticket individually, or through :guilabel:`Automatic Assignment`. Check the
```

Just trying to make that sentence present tense.

   and click on :guilabel:`Activate the developer mode`.

The list view displays the stages currently available in *Helpdesk*. They are listed in the order
they appear in the pipeline. To change the order of the stages, click and drag the buttons to the
left of the stage name.

.. image:: getting_started/stages-list-buttons.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the stage list page emphasizing the option to create a new stage

.. tip::
   Change the stage order on the kanban view by dragging and dropping individual columns.

To create a new stage, click on the :guilabel:`New` button at the top-left of the stage list. Next,
choose a name for the new stage, and add a description, if desired. Fill out the remaining fields
following the steps below.

.. image:: getting_started/new-stage-details.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a stage's settings page in Odoo Helpdesk.

Add email and SMS templates to stages
-------------------------------------

When an email template is added to a stage, an email is automatically sent to the the customer when
a ticket reaches that specific stage in the helpdesk pipeline. Likewise, adding an SMS template will

> trigger an SMS text message to send to the customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
trigger an SMS text message to the customer.
```

.. important::

>    SMS Text Messaging is an In-App Purchase (IAP) service that requires prepaid credits to work.

Reviewer: I would add a link to the IAP documentation

Getting started with Helpdesk
=============================

Odoo *Helpdesk* is a ticketing-based customer support application. Multiple teams can be configured
and managed in one dashboard, each with their own pipeline for customer submitted tickets. Pipelines
are organized in customizable stages that enable teams to track, prioritize, and solve customer
issues quickly and efficiently.

> Create a Helpdesk team

Author: Keeping this capitalized since it is an app name

======================

To view or modify *Helpdesk* teams, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Configuration -->
Helpdesk Teams`. To create a new team, click on the :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left of the
dashboard.

.. image:: getting_started/helpdesk-teams-list.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: View of the Helpdesk teams page in Odoo Helpdesk.

Author: since the graphic is so simple, I don't think annotations are necessary (unless you had something specific in mind)

Enter a :guilabel:`Name` for the new team. Enter a description of the team to the field below the
team name, if desired.

.. important::
   This description is published on the public facing :doc:`website form <receiving_tickets>` where
   customers and portal users submit tickets. The description included in this field should **not**
   include any information that is for internal use only.

   .. image:: getting_started/team-description-webform.png
      :align: center
      :alt: View of a Helpdesk team's webform displaying the team description.

> Visibility & Assignment

Author: Same with this one, since it matching the UI section name, I am going to keep it capitalized

-----------------------

*Visibility* refers to what internal users and portal users will have access to this team and its
tickets. *Assignment* refers to how users will be assigned to handle each ticket.

Determine to whom the team will be visible
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Under the :guilabel:`Visibility` section, determine who can view this team and its tickets.

- :guilabel:`Invited internal users (private)`: internal users can access the team and the tickets
  they are following. This access can be modified on each ticket individually by adding or removing
  the user as follower. Internal users are considered *invited* once they are added as followers to
  an individual ticket, or to the team itself.
- :guilabel:`All internal users (company)`: all internal users can access the team and all of its
  tickets.
- :guilabel:`Invited portal users and all internal users (public)`: all internal users can access

>   the team and all of its tickets. Portal users can only access the tickets they are following.

Author: added an internal link to make this clearer

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When tickets are received, they need to be assigned to a member of the team. This is done either
manually on each ticket individually, or through :guilabel:`Automatic Assignment`. Check the
:guilabel:`Automatic Assignment` checkbox to enable this feature for the team.

.. image:: getting_started/helpdesk-visibility-assignment.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a Helpdesk team settings page emphasizing the visibility and assignment features
         in Odoo Helpdesk

Select one of the following assignment methods, based on how workload should be allocated across
the team:

- :guilabel:`Each user is assigned an equal number of tickets` assigns tickets to team members based
   on total ticket count, regardless of the number of open or closed tickets they are currently
   assigned.
- :guilabel:`Each user has an equal number of open tickets` assigns tickets to team members based on
   how many open tickets they are currently assigned.

.. tip::
   If a team has high-performers who tend to close tickets quickly, selecting :guilabel:`Each user
   has an equal number of open tickets` as the assignment method will ensure they have a heavier

>    workload.

Author: You are right,. I was attempting to outline a use case to help clarify the two options (because I think the way they are written in the UI can be a bit confusing).  I will change this up.

choose a name for the new stage, and add a description, if desired. Fill out the remaining fields
following the steps below.

.. image:: getting_started/new-stage-details.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a stage's settings page in Odoo Helpdesk.

Add email and SMS templates to stages
-------------------------------------

When an email template is added to a stage, an email is automatically sent to the the customer when
a ticket reaches that specific stage in the helpdesk pipeline. Likewise, adding an SMS template will
trigger an SMS text message to send to the customer.

.. important::
   SMS Text Messaging is an :doc:`In-App Purchase (IAP) <../../../general/in_app_purchase/>` service
   that requires prepaid credits to work. Refer to `SMS Pricing FAQ
   <https://iap-services.odoo.com/iap/sms/pricing>`_ for additional information.

To select an existing email template, select it from the :guilabel:`Email Template` field. Click on
the :guilabel: `→ (Internal Link)` icon to the right of the field to edit the template.

To create a new template, click the field and enter a title for the new template. Then select
:guilabel:`Create and edit`, and complete the form details.

> Follow the same steps to select, edit, or create an :guilabel:`SMS Template`.

Author: I don't know if an annotation adds anything to this image, unless you have a specific suggestion. But this was an old screenshot, so it has been updated. 👍

Getting started with Helpdesk
=============================

Odoo *Helpdesk* is a ticketing-based customer support application. Multiple teams can be configured
and managed in one dashboard, each with their own pipeline for tickets submitted by customers.
Pipelines are organized in customizable stages that enable teams to track, prioritize, and solve
customer issues quickly and efficiently.

Create a Helpdesk team
======================

To view or modify *Helpdesk* teams, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Configuration -->
Helpdesk Teams`. To create a new team, click on the :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left of the

> dashboard.

Author: No, I am with you on this; I should avoid it for brevity's sake.

.. important::
   This description is published on the public facing :doc:`website form <receiving_tickets>` where
   customers and portal users submit tickets. The description included in this field should **not**
   include any information that is for internal use only.

   .. image:: getting_started/team-description-webform.png
      :align: center
      :alt: View of a Helpdesk team's webform displaying the team description.

Visibility & Assignment
-----------------------

The *Visibility* settings alter which internal users and portal users have access to this team and
its tickets. The *Assignment* settings alter how users are assigned to handle each ticket.

Determine to whom the team is visible
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Under the :guilabel:`Visibility` section, select one of the following options to determine who can
view this team and its tickets:

- :guilabel:`Invited internal users (private)`: internal users can access the team and the tickets
  they are following. This access can be modified on each ticket individually by adding or removing
  the user as a follower. Internal users are considered *invited* once they are added as followers

>   to an individual ticket, or :ref:`to the team itself <getting_started/follow>`.

Author: I don't think a comma is necessary here

  based on total ticket count, regardless of the number of open or closed tickets they are
  currently assigned.
- :guilabel:`Each user has an equal number of open tickets`: tickets are assigned to team members
  based on how many open tickets they are currently assigned.

.. note::
   When :guilabel:`Each user is assigned an equal number of tickets` is selected, the overall number
   of tickets assigned to team members is the same, but it does not consider the current workload.
   When :guilabel:`Each user has an equal number of open tickets` is selected, it ensures a balanced
   workload among team members, as it takes the current number of active tickets into account.

Finally, add the :guilabel:`Team Members` who are to be assigned tickets for this team. Leave the
field empty to include all employees who have the proper assignments and access rights configured in
their user account settings.

.. important::
   If an employee has time off scheduled in the *Time Off* application, they are not assigned
   tickets during that time. If no employees are available, the system looks ahead until there is a

>    match.

Author: The problem with including all of the other fields, is it would essentially cover all of the other docs, which would make this one document at least a thousand lines by my estimate. I know that in some cases having a setup/configuration document that length makes sense, I don't think it does in this case. Also, once the content for these docs has been updated for 17, I have plans to rework the structure (hopefully like the Accounting docs, using the card format) to clarify what document covers what section of the form. I have a draft that I can show if you if you are interested, I stopped working on it to get the content up to date before I started messing with the structure too much.

customizable, and can be renamed to fit the needs of each team.

To view or modify *Helpdesk* stages, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Configuration -->
Stages`.

.. important::
   :ref:`Developer mode <developer-mode>` must be activated to access the stages menu. To activate
   developer mode go to :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings --> Developer Tools` and click
   on :guilabel:`Activate the developer mode`.

The list view displays the stages currently available in *Helpdesk*. They are listed in the order
they appear in the pipeline. To change the order of the stages, click and drag the buttons to the
left of the stage name.

.. image:: getting_started/stages-list-buttons.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the stage list page emphasizing the buttons used to change the order the stages
         appear in the list.

.. tip::
   Change the stage order on the kanban view by dragging and dropping individual columns.

To create a new stage, click on the :guilabel:`New` button at the top-left of the stage list. Next,
choose a name for the new stage, and add a description, if desired. Fill out the remaining fields
following the steps below.

> .. image:: getting_started/new-stage-details.png

Author: The sequence field is only visible in dev mode, which I usually try to avoid when taking screenshots, but since this section does instruct users to turn on dev mode, I should probably include it. 👍

   :align: center
   :alt: View of a stage's settings page in Odoo Helpdesk.

Add email and SMS templates to stages
-------------------------------------

> When an email template is added to a stage, an email is automatically sent to the customer when a
> ticket reaches that specific stage in the pipeline. Likewise, adding an SMS template triggers an SMS
> text message to send to the customer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When an :guilabel:`Email Template` is added to a stage, an email is automatically sent to the
customer when a ticket reaches that specific stage in the pipeline. Likewise, adding an
:guilabel:`SMS Template` triggers an SMS text message to send to the customer.
```

.. important::
   SMS Text Messaging is an :doc:`In-App Purchase (IAP) <../../../general/in_app_purchase/>` service
   that requires prepaid credits to work. Refer to `SMS Pricing FAQ
   <https://iap-services.odoo.com/iap/sms/pricing>`_ for additional information.

To select an existing email template, select it from the :guilabel:`Email Template` field. Click on

> the :guilabel:`→ (Internal Link)` icon to the right of the field to edit the template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the :guilabel:`→ (Internal Link)` icon to the right of the field to edit the chosen template.
```

> To create a new template, click the field and enter a title for the new template. Then select
> :guilabel:`Create and edit`, and complete the form details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a new template, click the field, and enter a title for the new template. Then, select
:guilabel:`Create and edit` from the drop-down menu that appears, and complete the form details.
```

Getting started with Helpdesk
=============================

Odoo *Helpdesk* is a ticketing-based customer support application. Multiple teams can be configured
and managed in one dashboard, each with their own pipeline for tickets submitted by customers.
Pipelines are organized in customizable stages that enable teams to track, prioritize, and solve
customer issues quickly and efficiently.

Create a Helpdesk team
======================

To view or modify *Helpdesk* teams, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Configuration -->
Helpdesk Teams`. To create a new team, click the :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left of the
dashboard.

.. image:: getting_started/helpdesk-teams-list.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the Helpdesk teams page in Odoo Helpdesk.

On the blank Helpdesk team form, enter a :guilabel:`Name` for the new team. Then, enter a
description of the team in the field below the team name, if desired. To change the company this

> team is assigned to, select it from the :guilabel:`Company` drop-down.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
team is assigned to, select it from the :guilabel:`Company` drop-down menu.
```

Reviewer 2: If memory serves, I believe we're always supposed to specify the "drop-down" element being utilized, be it a window, form, menu, etc.

Visibility & Assignment
-----------------------

The *Visibility* settings alter which internal users and portal users have access to this team and
its tickets. The *Assignment* settings alter how users are assigned to handle each ticket.

Determine team visibility
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Under the :guilabel:`Visibility` section, select one of the following options to determine who can
view this team and its tickets:

- :guilabel:`Invited internal users (private)`: internal users can access the team and the tickets
  they are following. This access can be modified on each ticket individually by adding or removing
  the user as a follower. Internal users are considered *invited* once they are added as followers
  to an individual ticket, or :ref:`to the team itself <getting_started/follow>`.
- :guilabel:`All internal users (company)`: all internal users can access the team and all of its
  tickets.
- :guilabel:`Invited portal users and all internal users (public)`: all internal users can access
  the team and all of its tickets. Portal users can only access the tickets they are following.

.. example::

>    A `Customer Support` team intended to handle general issues with shipping and product issues
>    would have the visibility setting :guilabel:`Invited portal users and all internal users`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   A `Customer Support` team, meant to handle general shipping and product issues, would have the
   visibility set on :guilabel:`Invited portal users and all internal users`.
```

   At the same time, a `Financial Services` team handling tickets related to accounting or tax
   information would only need to be visible to :guilabel:`Invited internal users`.

.. warning::
   A team's visibility can be altered after the initial configuration. However, if the team changes
   from public access to either private or company-only access, portal users are removed as
   followers from both the team, and from individual tickets.

.. _getting_started/follow:

Follow all team's tickets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If a user should be notified about any updates regarding tickets for this team, select their name

> from the :guilabel:`Followers` drop-down, located in the :guilabel:`Follow All Team's Tickets`
> field. Multiple users can be selected to follow a single team.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from the :guilabel:`Followers` drop-down menu, located in the :guilabel:`Follow All Team's Tickets`
field. Multiple users can be selected to follow a single team.
```

   - :doc:`Access rights </applications/general/users/access_rights>`

Create or modify stages
=======================

*Stages* are used to organize the *Helpdesk* pipeline and track the progress of tickets. Stages are
customizable, and can be renamed to fit the needs of each team.

.. important::
   :ref:`Developer mode <developer-mode>` **must** be activated to access the stages menu. To
   activate developer mode, go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> General Settings --> Developer
   Tools`, and click :guilabel:`Activate the developer mode`.

To view or modify *Helpdesk* stages, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Configuration -->
Stages`.

The default list view on the :guilabel:`Stages` page displays the stages currently available in
*Helpdesk*. They are listed in the order they appear in the pipeline.

To change the order of the stages, click the :guilabel:`six square` icon, to the left of the stage
name, and drag it to the desired place on the list.

.. image:: getting_started/stages-list-buttons.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the stage list page emphasizing the buttons used to change the order the stages
         appear in the list.

.. tip::

>    Change the stage order on the Kanban view by dragging and dropping individual columns.

Reviewer 2: I'm not entirely sure that the Kanban view of the Stages page in Helpdesk is in columns. At the moment, I'm only seeing Kanban cards of the stages -- no columns. This is worth a double-check. And, if you're encountering the same thing as I am, I would suggest removing this tip admonition.

Reviewer 2: UPDATE: Consider specifying that you are referencing the Tickets Kanban columns here. Could be helpful!

.. important::
   The team description is published on the public facing :doc:`website form <receiving_tickets>`,
   where customers and portal users submit tickets. The description included in this field should
   **not** include any information that is for internal use only.

   .. image:: getting_started/team-description-webform.png
      :align: center
      :alt: View of a Helpdesk team's website form displaying the team description.

Visibility & Assignment
-----------------------

The *Visibility* settings alter which internal users and portal users have access to this team and
its tickets. The *Assignment* settings alter how users are assigned to handle each ticket.

Determine team visibility
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Under the :guilabel:`Visibility` section, select one of the following options to determine who can
view this team and its tickets:

- :guilabel:`Invited internal users (private)`: internal users can access the team and the tickets
  they are following. This access can be modified on each ticket individually by adding or removing
  the user as a follower. Internal users are considered *invited* once they are added as followers

>   to an individual ticket, or :ref:`to the team itself <getting_started/follow>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  to an individual ticket, or :ref:`to the team itself <helpdesk/getting_started/follow>`.
```

- :guilabel:`All internal users (company)`: all internal users can access the team and all of its
  tickets.
- :guilabel:`Invited portal users and all internal users (public)`: all internal users can access
  the team and all of its tickets. Portal users can only access the tickets they are following.

.. example::
   A `Customer Support` team, meant to handle general shipping and product issues, would have the
   visibility set on :guilabel:`Invited portal users and all internal users`.

   At the same time, a `Financial Services` team handling tickets related to accounting or tax
   information would only need to be visible to :guilabel:`Invited internal users`.

.. warning::
   A team's visibility can be altered after the initial configuration. However, if the team changes
   from public access to either private or company-only access, portal users are removed as
   followers from both the team, and from individual tickets.

> .. _getting_started/follow:

Reviewer 3: Please add the app or module name :)
```suggestion
.. _helpdesk/getting_started/follow:
```

  currently assigned.
- :guilabel:`Each user has an equal number of open tickets`: tickets are assigned to team members
  based on how many open tickets they are currently assigned.

.. note::
   When :guilabel:`Each user is assigned an equal number of tickets` is selected, the overall number
   of tickets assigned to team members is the same, but it does **not** consider the current
   workload.

   When :guilabel:`Each user has an equal number of open tickets` is selected, it ensures a balanced
   workload among team members, as it takes the current number of active tickets into account.

Finally, add the :guilabel:`Team Members` who are to be assigned tickets for this team. Leave the
field empty to include all employees who have the proper assignments and access rights configured in
their user account settings.

.. important::
   If an employee has time off scheduled in the *Time Off* application, they are **not** assigned
   tickets during that time. If no employees are available, the system looks ahead until there is a
   match.

.. seealso::
   - :ref:`Manage users <users/add-individual>`

>    - :doc:`Access rights </applications/general/users/access_rights>`

Reviewer 3: Please update to a relative doc path
```suggestion
   - :doc:`Access rights <../../../general/users/access_rights>`
```

Create or modify stages
=======================

*Stages* are used to organize the *Helpdesk* pipeline and track the progress of tickets. Stages are
customizable, and can be renamed to fit the needs of each team.

.. important::
   :ref:`Developer mode <developer-mode>` **must** be activated to access the stages menu. To
   activate developer mode, go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> General Settings --> Developer
   Tools`, and click :guilabel:`Activate the developer mode`.

To view or modify *Helpdesk* stages, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Configuration -->
Stages`.

The default list view on the :guilabel:`Stages` page displays the stages currently available in
*Helpdesk*. They are listed in the order they appear in the pipeline.

> To change the order of the stages, click the :guilabel:`six square` icon, to the left of the stage

Reviewer 3: Please add parenthesis to an icon descriptor :)
```suggestion
To change the order of the stages, click the :guilabel:`(six square)` icon, to the left of the stage
```

To select an existing email template, select it from the :guilabel:`Email Template` field. Click on

> the arrow key to the right of the field to edit the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the :guilabel: `→ (Internal Link)` icon to the right of the field to edit the template.
```

> To create a new template, click the field and enter title for the new template. Then select

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new template, click the field and enter a title for the new template. Then select
```

-----------------------

Make a selection in the :guilabel:`Teams` field on the :guilabel:`Stages` form. More than one team
may be selected, since the same stage can be assigned to multiple teams.

Fold a stage
------------

> By default, stages are unfolded in kanban view. Tickets in an unfolded stage are visible in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, stages are unfolded in the kanban view. Tickets in an unfolded stage are visible in the
```

pipeline under the stage name, and are considered *open*. However, stages can be configured to be

> folded in kanban. Folded stages are still visible in kanban, though the tickets in the stage are no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
folded in the kanban view. Folded stages are still visible, though the tickets in the stage are no
```

> folded in kanban. Folded stages are still visible in kanban, though the tickets in the stage are no
> longer immediately visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
folded in kanban. The names of folded stages are still visible in kanban, though the tickets in the stage are no
longer visible unless the stage is unfolded.
```

.. warning::
   Tickets that reach a *folded* stage are considered closed. Closing a ticket before the work is
   completed can result in reporting and communication issues. This setting should only be enabled
   for stages that are considered *closing* stages.

To fold a stage, check the :guilabel:`Folded in Kanban` box on the :guilabel:`Stages` form.

Stages can be temporarily folded in the kanban view, by clicking on the settings icon and selecting
:guilabel:`Fold`.

.. image:: getting_started/fold-stage-kanban.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Kanban view of a Helpdesk stage, with the temporary fold option emphasized.

.. important::
   Manually folding a stage from the kanban view is temporary and will **not** close the tickets in

>    the stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the stage. Tickets are **only** automatically closed when the :guilabel:`Folded in Kanban` option is enabled.
```

Author: This is incorrect, this is not how tickets are closed. I do not want to add any more information than necessary here because I want to keep this document to just the basics about setup and configuration, but this is not the only way tickets can be automatically closed

-----------------------

Make a selection in the :guilabel:`Teams` field on the :guilabel:`Stages` form. More than one team
may be selected, since the same stage can be assigned to multiple teams.

Fold a stage
------------

By default, stages are unfolded in the kanban view. Tickets in an unfolded stage are visible in the
pipeline under the stage name, and are considered *open*. However, stages can be configured to be
folded in the kanban view. The name of the folded stages are still visible, though the tickets in
the stage are no longer immediately visible.

.. warning::
   Tickets that reach a *folded* stage are considered closed. Closing a ticket before the work is
   completed can result in reporting and communication issues. This setting should **only** be
   enabled for stages that are considered *closing* stages.

To fold a stage, check the :guilabel:`Folded in Kanban` box on the :guilabel:`Stages` form.

Stages can be temporarily folded in the kanban view, by clicking on the settings icon and selecting
:guilabel:`Fold`.

> .. image:: getting_started/fold-stage-kanban.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Kanban view of a Helpdesk stage, with the temporary fold option emphasized.
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
.. image:: getting_started/fold-stage-kanban.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Kanban view of a Helpdesk stage, with the temporary fold option emphasized.

Alt tag is incorrect

Would like to see highlights as specified in alt tag
```

-----------------------

> Make a selection in the :guilabel:`Teams` field on the :guilabel:`Stages` form. More than one team

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make a selection in the :guilabel:`Helpdesk Teams` field on the :guilabel:`Stages` form. More than one team
```

may be selected, since the same stage can be assigned to multiple teams.

Fold a stage
------------

By default, stages are unfolded in the kanban view. Tickets in an unfolded stage are visible in the
pipeline under the stage name, and are considered *open*.

Stages can be configured to be folded in the kanban view. The name of the folded stages are still
visible, though the tickets in the stage are no longer immediately visible. To fold a stage, check
the :guilabel:`Folded in Kanban` box on the :guilabel:`Stages` form.

.. warning::
   Tickets that reach a *folded* stage are considered closed. Closing a ticket before the work is
   completed can result in reporting and communication issues. This setting should **only** be
   enabled for stages that are considered *closing* stages.

Stages can be temporarily folded in the kanban view, by clicking on the settings icon and selecting
:guilabel:`Fold`.

.. image:: getting_started/fold-stage-kanban.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Kanban view of a Helpdesk stage, with the temporary fold option emphasized.

Author: Sorry for the confusion, you can fold it in the kanban view of the pipeline, not of the stage list. I've updated to reflect this.

.. important::

>    Manually folding a stage from the kanban view is temporary and does **not** close the tickets in
>    the stage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Manually folding a stage from the kanban view is temporary, and does **not** close the tickets in
   the stage.
```

Assign stages to a team
-----------------------

Make a selection in the :guilabel:`Helpdesk Teams` field on the :guilabel:`Stages` form. More than
one team may be selected, since the same stage can be assigned to multiple teams.

Fold a stage
------------

> By default, stages are unfolded in the Kanban view. Tickets in an unfolded stage are visible in the
> pipeline under the stage name, and are considered *open*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, stages are unfolded in the Kanban view of either tickets dashboard: :guilabel:`My
Tickets` (:menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Tickets --> My Tickets`) or :guilabel:`All Tickets`
(:menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Tickets --> All Tickets`).

Tickets in an unfolded stage are visible in the pipeline under the stage name, and are considered
*open*.
```
I added this specificity here because, up until this point, I was under the impression you were referencing the Kanban view of the Stages themselves. I fully see how I was wrong assuming that now hahaha -- so, for any future reader who may possibly make the same mistake as me, I figured adding this quick explanation of *where* these stage elements can be employed in the app (on the Tickets pages) would prove helpful. Again, this lapse in comprehension is 100% on me hahaha but I *DO* think this quick mention will prove beneficial. Thanks! 👍

> Stages can be configured to be folded in the Kanban view. The name of the folded stages are still
> visible, though the tickets in the stage are no longer immediately visible. To fold a stage, check
> the :guilabel:`Folded in Kanban` box on the :guilabel:`Stages` form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Stages can be configured to be folded in the Kanban view of a tickets page (:guilabel:`My Tickets`
or :guilabel:`All Tickets`).

The name of the folded stages are still visible, though the tickets in the stage are no longer
immediately visible.

To fold a stage, check the :guilabel:`Folded in Kanban` box on the :guilabel:`Stages` form.
```

.. warning::

>    Tickets that reach a *folded* stage are considered closed. Closing a ticket before the work is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Tickets that reach a *folded* stage are considered `closed`. Closing a ticket before the work is
```

   completed can result in reporting and communication issues. This setting should **only** be
   enabled for stages that are considered *closing* stages.

> Stages can be temporarily folded in the Kanban view of the pipeline. View a specific team's pipeline
> by navigating to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app`, and clicking the team's Kanban card. Select a stage
> to fold temporarily, then click the :guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon and select  :guilabel:`Fold`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Stages can be temporarily folded in the Kanban view of the tickets pipeline, as well.

View a specific team's pipeline by navigating to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app`, and clicking the
team's Kanban card.

Select a stage to fold temporarily, then click the :guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon, and select
:guilabel:`Fold`.
```

> Assign stages to a team

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

   :doc:`../../../general/email_communication/email_template`

Assign stages to a team
```

-----------------------

Make a selection in the :guilabel:`Helpdesk Teams` field on the :guilabel:`Stages` form. More than
one team may be selected, since the same stage can be assigned to multiple teams.

Fold a stage
------------

By default, stages are unfolded in the Kanban view of either tickets dashboard: :guilabel:`My
Tickets` (:menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Tickets --> My Tickets`) or :guilabel:`All Tickets`
(:menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Tickets --> All Tickets`).

Tickets in an unfolded stage are visible in the pipeline under the stage name, and are considered
*open*.

Stages can be configured to be folded in the Kanban view of a tickets page (:guilabel:`My Tickets`
or :guilabel:`All Tickets`).

The name of the folded stages are still visible, though the tickets in the stage are no longer
immediately visible.

To fold a stage, check the :guilabel:`Folded in Kanban` box on the :guilabel:`Stages` form.

.. warning::

>    Tickets that reach a *folded* stage are considered `closed`. Closing a ticket before the work is

Reviewer 3: I would argue here that formatting on "closed" is not necessary, either italics to emphasize or nothing. Using the literal formatting is reserved for inputs. WDYT about formatting here?
```suggestion
   Tickets that reach a *folded* stage are considered *closed*. Closing a ticket before the work is
```
